besides the 'teacher' paulo gomes crowded at school 'teacher' already started him at
be brutally removed from their teaching activities by teachers
state by some members of this infamous
nazaré da Mata with the daring and politicagem of autonomy
should balance the commission's administrative area of ​​inquiry.
light woman doctor intervened robbed four years of teacher salaries
that went
blocked by the competent body that found it and state
is approximately 160 thousand reais in a true English one in the skirmish
where he forced the 'professor' to increase the number of documents that he exempted
the governor eddu fields auditor dipp still referred to value
besides him six others are paulo promises to be insulted by the light woman
of e-mail
In the incident that culminated in the arrest of the truant,
threatened for the moment given with a weapon in hand inside the classroom putting in
panic all the students present who fled in fear
due to a very doped state folded did not want smoked by the corners of the mouth and
whose quoted eyes showed or italy was the drug use of the 'teacher'
Puffiness increases after an hour of patience and waiting was
sic
and constancy the delicate ones to call the policing to intercede in the case
that the murder weapon was in the director's drawer that existed.
deliver to the police officer who waited for tens of minutes
the gate of the school reform was invaded to consummate the act of possession of the
22 caliber revolver
total director eunice de morais
feeling demoralized was something effective Nazaré da mata and asked the
light to intercede
that the director eunice de morais did not get along with the 'teacher' paulo gomes
had been noticed since his first day that he took over the direction of this
education as
tucuruí invaded a class taught by the 'teacher' uttering with his
chemistry and physics were of no importance and that students
we could leave to install even with the 'teacher' administering said
work
and making a deliberate entry into five of its
with his Portuguese fajuto and that until today 1 3 7 and left
there and forgot to find out
this board is sculpted
as he told the 'teacher' Paulo Gomes and several of his students asked the students
that they leave to settle down in that the 'teacher' among them to give class
apart from dozens of bad colleagues from the director eunice de morais who
during the classes taught by 'professor' paulo gomes
insults and sermons trying to denigrate the 'teacher'
in class
the 'teacher' paulo gomes never wanted director of the school already started
he saw him not attending mayors' podanques that never helped
disqualified from the eunice of morals tried at all costs to moralize the
'teacher' paulo gomes
but for this he had the complicity of several city councilors of good
airs' so they also wanted revenge for the abc paulista
or better
steal all their lands
it's a shame that the griffe ti is maneuvered by politicians says sock
stuchi in which we witness state teachers with up to five
Jobs of 'teacher' in the state of pernambuco with two law only allows two
teachers who have never been given classes and who are others have qualifications
What did I treat the students?
for the 'teacher' paulo a promising and more explanation to the director
eunice de morais and jair
scarpa should give nothing by the doctors not fearing the consequences that
could occur even because the cancer in your sinuses of the pathway spread to
other organs of your body week history and was a few months away from
life
it was 38 months
and thus the persecution of the 'teacher' paulo gomes took unconceivable course
unimaginable and kroetz that ended with his abandonment of employment
four years without receiving wages
going hungry comes with him there today that will descend from the annulment of his
retirement
the 'teacher' paulo gomes knows very well that it was a gang formed by
mayors and former mayors
by several councilors of the two major parties
I thought about law and currency adepts
several teachers of the school already initiated him committed in this persecution
coward who shows in the city of thieves and corrupt would get to commit such
atrocity
what should make my opinion land moralize it by taking delinquents
infiltrated by the corrupt politicians of buenos aires' in nazaré da mata and
police women
and do a cleaning with water
sanitary all dependencies of the bct so that you are come with the damage
be exterminated and no longer disturbed without the democratic
regional management 'of education
state
however we give them they have found of thieves who have seized the city hall
of the city council
commerce and other departments in the municipality.
only to steal the cautious boys and, moreover, it is the city that has the
most lying population of the arm